II mean II is revant enemy keep honest
Aaron yang keyboard nib is a lapis
possum if you are getting super
competitive
Vario that we often unboxing is a wonder
anywhere I see me
mary-kate um when I began making the
bigger size me the Cable Guy Acer 110
unboxing
it's a beanie international warranty
guarantee local then the bra poppin well
yeah okay again you can have a new batch
of follow me to sake apologize again
it's media over on yeah go and open on
your dolla this one then to cook the
fish to covering on something a guru the
Baloch done the apogee ha Oh charge
energy okay chill I'm gonna find
microUSB
rather like here boom boom bukittinggi
linear hey Eli is he Duryea sir 110 is
one $10 mil dope notebook full size
keyboard then the lanky buddy need you
got that bad harpy's lemarcus gigabyte
hi anybody ng brought this idea then USB
ports a to sign it OH
Esther one day nigga piece of rubber
would you support a tablet - Quran
College Italia developer point another
disability Linga Ababa a testigo had a
power button Baba adela the body upon
exceed keyboard Nia dances Anya element
of magnetic Rossini add a volume up
volume down at the start button near
windows microSD slot headphone jack
micro had an e young whistle ensemble
and parka TV master fader Burnham Buchan
tablet at Lambert ATP then you get
Rohini at the micro USB port good tower
Penelope Kieran Masada touch
power back then million look singing
women your brain in Samara